===== binqasim (3664 chars) =====
PQA - EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information --> Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Dry Berths: Port Qasim having 17 berths. Limitations and Restrictions of berths at Port Qasim are as under, all measurements are in Meters. Berth No. LOA (Mtrs) Beam (Mtrs) Draft (Mtrs) Remarks MW-1 225.00 33.00 10.00 Tanker Berth MW-2 225.00 33.00 10.00 General Cargoes MW-3 225 3.3 10.00 Bulk Coal MW-4 225 3.3 10.50 Bulk Coal QICT-1 upto 310.00 48.00 12.00 Container Terminal (DP World) QICT-1 More Then 310.00 And upto 335.00 45.00 12.00 Container Terminal (DP World) QICT-2 upto 310.00 48.00 13.00 Container Terminal (DP World) QICT-2 More then 310.00 And upto 335.00 45.00 13.00 Container Terminal (DP World) FAP G.T 250.00 43.50 13.00 Max DWT 75000 Tons Bulk / Break bulk IOCB 230.00 40.00 12.00 Max DWT 75000 Tons Iron Ore / Coal PIBT 230.00 33.00 12.70 Cement/Clinker/Coal PQEPCT 210.00 33.00 12.00 Bulk Coal Notes FAP – Fauji Akber Portia Terminal is a private terminal dedicated to handle Grains, Fertilizer and other dry cargoes. www.fapterminals.com IOCB – Iron Ore Coal Berth is long term leased to Pakistan Steel Mills where only Pak Steel Bulk cargoes are handled. www.paksteel.com.pk PIBT – Pakistan International Bulk Terminal is a private terminal and dedicated to handle Bulk Coal, Clinker and Cement cargoes. Coal Bulk up to 12 million Ton / Annum and Clinker, Cement up to 4 million Ton / Annum. www.pibt.com.pk PQEPCT – Port Qasim Electrical Power Company Terminal is a goverment terminal handle bulk coal for Port Qasim Electrical Power Company. www.sepco3.com Oil & Gas Terminals: Berth No. LOA (Mtrs) Beam (Mtrs) Draft (Mtrs) Remarks FOTCO 245.00 41.50 13.00 Max DWT 75000 Tons HSDO, Crude Oil & Fuel Oil EVTL-13 225.00 40.00 11.00 Liquid Chemicals LCT 210.00 33.00 10.00 Edible Oil LNG-1 295.00 43.40 12.00 LNG SSGC / LPG 163.00 33.00 10.00 LPG Notes FOTCO – Fauji Oil Terminal Company is a private berth and dedicated to handle liquid POL cargoes. www.fotco.pk EVTL – Engro Vopak Terminal Ltd is a private terminal dedicated to handle all liquit chemical cargoes and LPG. www.engrovopak.com LCT – Liquid Cargo Terminal is a private terminal dedicated to handle liquid edible cargoes. www.fwq.com.pk SSGC – Is a private terminal dedicated to handle LPG LNG-1 – Is a private terminal dedicated to handle LNG General Information Port Qasim is situated about 60 km away from Karachi in an industrial area, and about one hour drive by road from Karachi city. Port Qasim have 24 miles ling entrance channel which is not marked by lighted buoys, therefore at present there is no night navigation facility available. Therefore all the berthing / sailing are performed in day light only. Pilot Station is known as Port Qasim, position is lat 24 deg. 33.1 min north, lon 067 deg 02.8 min east, steaming time to berth is about three hour. VHF channel used by port control and pilots is channel 16 & 12 respectively. Port Qasim Authority (PQA) contacts Port Qasim Authority, Bin Qasim Karachi – 75020 Pakistan. Tel : +92 21 99272111-30 Fax : +92 21 4730108 – 9 Website : www.portqasim.org.pk PIC : Captain Nouman Hassan – Deputy Conservator --> Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== contact-company (1156 chars) =====
ju Contact - EastWind Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division --> Contact EastWind Shipping (Pvt.) Ltd. Suite 401, 4th Floor Bahria Complex II, M.T Khan Road Lalazar -75600, Pakistan PABX: +92-21-3567 0251-4 (4 Line) Fax: +92-21-3567 0256 Email: ops@ews.com.pk Website: www.ews.com.pk Capt Javed Iqbal Chief Executive cji@ews.com.pk Hunain Javed Management hj@ews.com.pk Capt Anwar Ali Chief Operating Officer caa@ews.com.pk Dir: +92-21-3567 0257 Support Functions Pakhali Faisal Chief Financial Officer Dir: +92-21-3567 0262 Mobile: +92-332-3784728 faisal@ews.com.pk Admin Department Admin Officer admin@ews.com.pk HR Department HR Officer hr@ews.com.pk Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== contact-dir (1156 chars) =====
ju Contact - EastWind Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division --> Contact EastWind Shipping (Pvt.) Ltd. Suite 401, 4th Floor Bahria Complex II, M.T Khan Road Lalazar -75600, Pakistan PABX: +92-21-3567 0251-4 (4 Line) Fax: +92-21-3567 0256 Email: ops@ews.com.pk Website: www.ews.com.pk Capt Javed Iqbal Chief Executive cji@ews.com.pk Hunain Javed Management hj@ews.com.pk Capt Anwar Ali Chief Operating Officer caa@ews.com.pk Dir: +92-21-3567 0257 Support Functions Pakhali Faisal Chief Financial Officer Dir: +92-21-3567 0262 Mobile: +92-332-3784728 faisal@ews.com.pk Admin Department Admin Officer admin@ews.com.pk HR Department HR Officer hr@ews.com.pk Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== container-depot (865 chars) =====
Container Depot Division Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division --> Container Depot Division TPX Yard - KPT Gate # 7 M.T Khan Road, Karachi - Pakistan Tele: +92-331-8060-222 Tele: +92-332-8060-222 tpx@ews.com.pk Haroon Musa GM Container Operation Mobile: +92-332-2422275 hm@ews.com.pk Abdul Aziz Manager Container Operation Mobile: +92-332-2422276 aag@ews.com.pk Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== container-feeder (1128 chars) =====
Container Feeder Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division --> Container Feeder Division Website: www.globalfeeders.com Imran Saeed Manager Feeder Tel Dir: +92-21-3567 0259 Mobile: +92-332-3784735 imran.saeed@ews.com.pk Fahad Jamal Manager Sales and Ops Tel Dir: +92-21-3567 0259 Mobile: +92-332-3784736 fahad@ews.com.pk Farhan Sheikh Assistant Manager CSD Mobile: +92-332-2422263 farhan@ews.com.pk csr.gfs@ews.com.pk Ismail Hingoro Documentation Supervisor Mobile: +92-334-3784738 docs.gfs@ews.com.pk Saud Yousuf / Arsalan Iftikhar Accountant / Asst. Accountant Mobile: +92-332-2422265 / +92-302-8277928 accounts.gfs@ews.com.pk Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== cordelia (999 chars) =====
Cordelia Container Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division --> Cordelia Container Division Website: www.cordelialine.com Syed Fasih Mehdi Lead - EQC & MNR Mobile: +92-336 128 6555 ops.csl@ews.com.pk Syed Zohaib Farooqi Team Leader Doc Import & Export Mobile: +92-330 128 6555 docs.csl@ews.com.pk Salman Muhammad Javed Front Desk Import / Export Mobile: +92-333 0292 229 exp.csl@ews.com.pk / imp.csl@ews.com.pk Shahzaib Naseem Sr. Executive Export / Sales Mobile: +92 333 2780699 exp.csl@ews.com.pk Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== country-dir (5259 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Country Profile Pakistan Map Pakistan Business Links --> Country Profile Pakistan – Gateway to the East The word Pakistan derived from Urdu, means “The Land of Pure”. Pakistan got independence from British India on 14th August 1947 under the leadership of Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Pakistan’s history dates back to the ancient Indus civilization, remains of which still can be found at Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro. The Indus rule ended around 1500 BC. The Moguls – the last dynasty assumed control in the sixteenth century. From the 1750s, the influence of British grew, but it was not until 1858 that direct British rule began. Today, Pakistan is a federal Islamic republic with its capital, Islamabad in the north and its commercial hub as Karachi with around 16 Million populations in the South. Country’s population per 2010 record shows 160 Million. Pakistan displays some of Asia’s most magnificent landscapes as it stretches from the Arabian Sea at its southern border to the world’s most spectacular mountain ranges in the north. Located in South Asia, Pakistan shares an eastern border with India and a north-eastern border with China. Iran makes up the country’s south-west border and Afghanistan runs along its western and northern edge. The Arabian Sea is Pakistan’s southern boundary with 1,064 km of coastline. The country has a total area of 796,095 sq km and is nearly four times the size of the United Kingdom. From Gwadar Bay in its south-western corner, the country extends more than 1,800 km to the Khunjerab Pass on China’s border. Pakistan has dry climate with extreme temperatures at places. One third of the country’s land consists of plains along the Indus Valley in the south and east. The remainder in the west and north-west is a continuation of eastern Himalayas. In the north the land rises to the world second highest peak, K2 at 8,611 meters. Agriculture is the mainstay of Pakistan's economy, employing almost 50% of the man power. Wheat, rice, cotton, sugarcane, and tobacco are the chief crops, and cattle and sheep are raised. Most of Pakistan's agricultural output comes from the Indus extended farming into arid areas, and new varieties of crops have increased yields. Pakistan's industrial base is able to supply many of the country's needs in consumer goods, although production has slowed in recent years. The country's natural resources provide materials for such industries as textile production (the biggest earner of foreign exchange), oil refining, metal processing, and cement and fertilizer production. Remittances from Pakistanis working abroad constitute the second largest source of foreign exchange. Pakistan's chief imports are petroleum, machinery, transport equipment, chemicals and edible fats and oils. The chief trading partners are the European Union nations, USA, Japan, and China. Karachi Port and Port Mohammad Bin Qasim are the two main ports of Pakistan. The port of Karachi has long been considered a safe harbor, although it was only a small fishing village in the early nineteenth century. Karachi Port is now handling over 11.74 million tons of liquid cargo and 25.45 million tons of dry cargo, including 1,213,744 TEUs which constitute about 60% of import/ export of the country. PQA is the second deep sea industrial-cum-commercial port operating under landlord concept. The Port is situated in Indus delta region at a distance of 28 nautical miles in the south-east of Karachi. PQA is the most eco-friendly port and is geographically located on the trade route of Arabian Gulf. The port currently caters for more than 40% of seaborne trade requirements of the country. Gwadar Port is the third port of Pakistan - Karachi and Port Qasim being the other two. Gwadar borders on Arabian Sea and lies in the Balochistan Province. It is about 533 km from Karachi and 120 km from the Iranian border. Gwadar Port is located at the mouth of the Persian Gulf and outside the Straits of Hormuz. The port during 2011 only handled fertilizer shipments imported by Trading Corporation of Pakistan. Ship breaking is quite active at Pakistan’s beach of Gadani – 50 km north-west of Karachi, the local ship-breaking industry reached its peak in mid 1980s, providing jobs for more than 30,000 workers. During 2011 almost 123 ships with light weight of One Million Tons beached at Gadani for demolition. In keeping with the spirit of international cooperation that calls for landlocked countries to be given access to the sea, Pakistan has long been an important transit link for its neighbors, including Afghanistan and Central Asian States. From its main ports of Karachi and Bin Qasim the country offers the shortest and most direct route for sea-born cargoes to and from those countries that would otherwise have limited access to the international commerce. --> Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== country (5259 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Country Profile Pakistan Map Pakistan Business Links --> Country Profile Pakistan – Gateway to the East The word Pakistan derived from Urdu, means “The Land of Pure”. Pakistan got independence from British India on 14th August 1947 under the leadership of Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Pakistan’s history dates back to the ancient Indus civilization, remains of which still can be found at Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro. The Indus rule ended around 1500 BC. The Moguls – the last dynasty assumed control in the sixteenth century. From the 1750s, the influence of British grew, but it was not until 1858 that direct British rule began. Today, Pakistan is a federal Islamic republic with its capital, Islamabad in the north and its commercial hub as Karachi with around 16 Million populations in the South. Country’s population per 2010 record shows 160 Million. Pakistan displays some of Asia’s most magnificent landscapes as it stretches from the Arabian Sea at its southern border to the world’s most spectacular mountain ranges in the north. Located in South Asia, Pakistan shares an eastern border with India and a north-eastern border with China. Iran makes up the country’s south-west border and Afghanistan runs along its western and northern edge. The Arabian Sea is Pakistan’s southern boundary with 1,064 km of coastline. The country has a total area of 796,095 sq km and is nearly four times the size of the United Kingdom. From Gwadar Bay in its south-western corner, the country extends more than 1,800 km to the Khunjerab Pass on China’s border. Pakistan has dry climate with extreme temperatures at places. One third of the country’s land consists of plains along the Indus Valley in the south and east. The remainder in the west and north-west is a continuation of eastern Himalayas. In the north the land rises to the world second highest peak, K2 at 8,611 meters. Agriculture is the mainstay of Pakistan's economy, employing almost 50% of the man power. Wheat, rice, cotton, sugarcane, and tobacco are the chief crops, and cattle and sheep are raised. Most of Pakistan's agricultural output comes from the Indus extended farming into arid areas, and new varieties of crops have increased yields. Pakistan's industrial base is able to supply many of the country's needs in consumer goods, although production has slowed in recent years. The country's natural resources provide materials for such industries as textile production (the biggest earner of foreign exchange), oil refining, metal processing, and cement and fertilizer production. Remittances from Pakistanis working abroad constitute the second largest source of foreign exchange. Pakistan's chief imports are petroleum, machinery, transport equipment, chemicals and edible fats and oils. The chief trading partners are the European Union nations, USA, Japan, and China. Karachi Port and Port Mohammad Bin Qasim are the two main ports of Pakistan. The port of Karachi has long been considered a safe harbor, although it was only a small fishing village in the early nineteenth century. Karachi Port is now handling over 11.74 million tons of liquid cargo and 25.45 million tons of dry cargo, including 1,213,744 TEUs which constitute about 60% of import/ export of the country. PQA is the second deep sea industrial-cum-commercial port operating under landlord concept. The Port is situated in Indus delta region at a distance of 28 nautical miles in the south-east of Karachi. PQA is the most eco-friendly port and is geographically located on the trade route of Arabian Gulf. The port currently caters for more than 40% of seaborne trade requirements of the country. Gwadar Port is the third port of Pakistan - Karachi and Port Qasim being the other two. Gwadar borders on Arabian Sea and lies in the Balochistan Province. It is about 533 km from Karachi and 120 km from the Iranian border. Gwadar Port is located at the mouth of the Persian Gulf and outside the Straits of Hormuz. The port during 2011 only handled fertilizer shipments imported by Trading Corporation of Pakistan. Ship breaking is quite active at Pakistan’s beach of Gadani – 50 km north-west of Karachi, the local ship-breaking industry reached its peak in mid 1980s, providing jobs for more than 30,000 workers. During 2011 almost 123 ships with light weight of One Million Tons beached at Gadani for demolition. In keeping with the spirit of international cooperation that calls for landlocked countries to be given access to the sea, Pakistan has long been an important transit link for its neighbors, including Afghanistan and Central Asian States. From its main ports of Karachi and Bin Qasim the country offers the shortest and most direct route for sea-born cargoes to and from those countries that would otherwise have limited access to the international commerce. --> Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== gadani (1822 chars) =====
Gadani - EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information --> Gadani Information for Demolition of SHIPS Gadani is located about 100 KM by road from Karachi in a different province namely Baluchistan. Subject to agreement between Buyers and Sellers and prevailing weather conditions, Ships either call Karachi Outer Anchorage then move to Gadani after completion of preliminary inspection by Buyer’s representatives or directly call Gadani Anchorage in which case they should anchor at a position around Latitude 25 Deg 05 Min North, Longitude 066 Deg 37 Min East or 4 miles of south west Gadani hill. There is no Immigration staff posted at Gadani so all the relevant formalities are to be completed with Karachi Port Immigration. Draft required for beaching is “lightship draft ". However Ship’s Master should discuss same with the Beaching Master who boards the vessel along with Buyers’ during preliminary inspection. At Gadani, there are no restrictions on beaching days and Ships normally beached on about 20 days in a month subject to the buyer’s requirement if any for light draft, only those days are avoided when tides are very low or in minus. For Tidal timings at Gadani 35 minutes are to be subtracted from Karachi Tidal Times. For detailed information please send your queries to: ops@ews.com.pk --> Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== gwadar (2753 chars) =====
Gwadar - EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information --> Gawadar Port Information Gwadar Official Website: cophcgwadar.com Location: Gwadar Port is located 234 Miles West of Karachi and 390 Miles East of Strait of Hormuz next to Pakistan – Iran border. Gwadar port is managed & operated by the China Overseas Ports Holding Company Pakistan Pvt. Ltd. Port Parameters Max LOA: 300 Mtrs Max Beam: 40 Mtrs Draft: 12.5 Mtrs DWT: 70,000 Tons Approaches: Approach channel is in West / East direction 4.5km from Fairway Buoy to the Ro Ro berth. The channel is dredged to a depth of 13.5 mtrs. Berths Details: There are 3 multipurpose berths of 200 meters each and one dedicated berth for RORO vessel with 14 mtrs depth alongside the wharf. Harbour Tugs: There are 2 ASD type 30 tons Bollard Pull tugs available for berthing and sailing of ships. Pilotage / Port working hours: Pilotage is compulsory for vessels of over 200 GRT. Pilots are available round the clock on 24 Hrs Notice. Port Working Hours: Gwadar Port is working 24 hours x 7 days a week as under: Day Shift: 0700 to 1900 hrs Break: 1130 to 1230 hrs Night Shift: 1900 to 0700 hrs Break: 2300 to 2330 hrs Over Time: Working during Meal Break, Sundays & Holidays is considered Overtime. Tidal range: Max tidal range is 2.2 mtrs. Storage area: Gwadar Port has vast plinth area available for handling/ storage of Cargo. Details of available area are as under: Container Storage Area: 55153sqm Refrigerated Containers: 4367sqm (400 plugs) Hazardous Cargo: 1800sqm Break Bulk: 28669sqm Transit Shed: 3750sqm Weigh Bridge Capacity: 80T (3.4m x 18m x 2 nos) Paved Area: 120210sqm Road connectivity: Gwadar is connected with Karachi through Coastal High Way 600 Km (aprox) and also connected to Afghanistan thru Makran High Way. Supplies like Fresh Water, Bunkers, Provision (Dry & fresh) are available on prior notice. China Overseas Ports Holding Company Pakistan Pvt. Ltd. Address: 3rd Floor(Ext), Bahria Complex - IV Chaudhary Khaleeq uz Zaman Road, Gizri, Clifton - Karachi, Pakistan. Tel : +92 21 35155081-84 Email : info@cophcgwadar.com Gwadar Office: Control Tower Building Pak China Friendship Road Gwadar Port - Gwadar, Pakistan Tel : +92 86 4212266 Email : info@cophcgwadar.com --> Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== home (2166 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division NEWS I Shipping News Click Here To View Shipping News Updates Welcome To East Wind Shipping !! EastWind is a well known name in the Shipping Industry of Pakistan and within the circles abroad where Pakistan trade takes place. Since its inception, EastWind Shipping has gained the confidence of its Principals and Customers for the Skill level, Professionalism and Experience of its Crew. EastWind delivers through the vast experience of its key personnel and this is the reason that today EastWind is handling the following wide range of commodities and ships. Tankers carrying liquid cargoes including Chemicals, Molasses, Ethanol and Petroleum products Break Bulk vessels carrying commodities consisting of Steel products, General and Project cargo Dry Bulk Ships with cargoes such as Grains / Seeds, Fertilizers, Shredded Scrap and Coal Container Feeder vessels, represent Container Feeder Market Leader – Global Feeder Shipping LLC Demo ships' handling at Gadani EastWind also provide Empty Container Storage, receiving and delivery and Container repair services to Container Main Lines Operators and NVOCCs. We operate from TPX – MT Khan Road only 2 Km away from Port with an area of about 16000 Square Meters and from East Wharf – Keamari – Karachi Port where the facility is spread on an area of about 8000 Square Meters. EastWind Shipping is part of a Shipping Enterprise having an established Liner Agency - Green Pak Shipping representing Evergreen Container Line in Pakistan. Our partners own and manage Global Feeder Shipping LLC - a market leader in Container Feeder industry serving United Arab Emirates, Middle East, Arabian & Upper Arabian Gulf, Indian Subcontinent, South East Asia, and the Far East. Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== karachi-port (3416 chars) =====
KPT-EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information --> Karachi Port Information Dry Berths: Karachi Port has 26 dry berths at East and West Wharves. Limitations and Restrictions of berths at Karachi Port are as under, all measurements are in Meters. Berth No. LOA (Mtrs) Beam (Mtrs) Draft (Mtrs) Remarks 1 - 3 NR NR 10.67 Multi Purpose 4 & 5 186 NR 10.75 Multi Purpose 6 - 9 305 NR 13.00 PICT-Containter Terminal 10 - 14 250 NR 13.00 Multi Purpose 15 - 16 250 NR 10.05 Multi Purpose 18 140 NR 9.50 Multi Purpose 19- 21 160 NR 9.50 Multi Purpose 22 - 23 150 NR 7.50 Multipurpose 24 - 25 NR NR 10.00 Multi Purpose 26 - 30 340 NR 13.00 KICT-Containter Terminal Port Working Hours for Dry Cargoes Day Shift: 0730 - 1630 hrs Break: 1130 - 1230 hrs Night Shift: 1900 - 0330 hrs Break: 2300 - 2330 hrs Over Time Day: 1130 - 1230 hrs & 1630 - 1830 hrs Night: 2300 - 2330 hrs & 0330 - 0630 hrs Oil Piers Berth No. LOA (Mtrs) Beam (Mtrs) Draft (Mtrs) Max Displ / DWT (Tons) OP-1 259 44 13.00-Import 13.00-Export 95,000 / 75,000 OP-2 259 44 13.00-Import 12.50-Export 95,000 / 75,000 OP-3 259 44 12.50-Import 12.25-Export 95,000 / 75,000 DB-1 N/A N/A 10.67 N/A Products handled at OP-1 : Handling of Crude Oil, HSDO, MOGAS, Aviation Gas, Lube Oil and chemicals (AA, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, Methyl Acetate, Ethyl Acetate, White Sprit - except MEG and Styrene Monomer and Chloroform, Caustic Soda. Products handled at OP-2 : Handling of Chemical (AA, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, MA, EA, MEK, CHLOROFORM, MEG, SM, Methanol, Caustic Soda, White sprit), Ethanol, Molasses, Crude Oil, Palm Oil, HSD & AV Gas. Products handled at OP-3 : Handling of Chemical (AA, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, MA, EA, MEK, CHLOROFORM, MEG, SM, Methanol, Caustic Soda, white sprit) Ethanol, Molasses, Crude Oil, Vegetable Oil, Naphtha, Base LSFO, HSFO, AV GAS, MO GAS, LUBE BASE OIL, Products handled at DB-1 : Handling of Loading Ethanol and Molasses, Caustic soda and discharging Chemicals, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, MA, white sprit, except MEG, Styrene Monomer and Acetic Acid, Methanol, Chloroform. Berthing policy: OP-1: is dedicated berth for POL vessels, however, chemical tankers can berth when no POL tanker vessel is around. OP-2: is allocated to tankers on first come first serve basis. OP-3: is allocated to tankers in such a way that after two POL tankers one NON POL tanker ship is accommodated. DB-1: is allocated to tankers on first come first serve basis, if they are able to work at this berth. General Pilotage is compulsory, Pilot station is known as Karachi Pilot Station, position is Lat 24 Deg 44.7 Min North, Long 066 Deg 57.3 Min East. VHF channel used by port control and pilots is channel 16 and 12 respectively. Karachi Port Authority Contacts Karachi Port Trust, Eduljee Dinshaw Road, Karachi-74000, Pakistan Tel (PABX): +92 21 99214530 Email : dmaster@kpt.gov.pk Website : www.kpt.gov.pk PIC : Captain Wasi - Dock Master --> Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== legal-notice (171 chars) =====
Legal Notice - ews.com.pk Skip to main content Back to start Legal Notice EastWind Shipping (Pvt) Ltd Karachi 75000 Karachi Phone.: +1-123-456-7890 Email: ops@ews.com.pk


===== map (518 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Country Profile Pakistan Map Pakistan Business Links --> Pakistan Map Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== mission (980 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy --> Mission Statement Since its inception, EastWind Shipping has remained on the vanguard to deliver quality services to its principals across the Shipping Industry through tailoring such services to individual needs of Principals. EastWind Shipping is committed to professional excellence of its team to achieve the highest standards in quality of services for its Principals and strives to preserve and promote an inclusive intellectual and ethical environment for its members. Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== news (187 chars) =====
Redirecting... You will be redirected to the new URL in 5 seconds. Redirect URL: https://maritime-executive.com/shipping-news The current tab will return to the home page automatically.


===== pakbusiness (928 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Country Profile Pakistan Map Pakistan Business Links --> Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Ship Agents Association www.psaa.org.pk Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry www.fpcci.com.pk Karachi Chamber Of Commerce and Industry www.kcci.com.pk Federal Board of Revenue, Government of Pakistan www.cbr.gov.pk Trade Development Authority Of Pakistan www.tdap.gov.pk Pakistan Tourism Development Corporation www.tourism.gov.pk Pakistan Newspaper www.epaper.dawn.com Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== portinfo-dir (3416 chars) =====
KPT-EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information --> Karachi Port Information Dry Berths: Karachi Port has 26 dry berths at East and West Wharves. Limitations and Restrictions of berths at Karachi Port are as under, all measurements are in Meters. Berth No. LOA (Mtrs) Beam (Mtrs) Draft (Mtrs) Remarks 1 - 3 NR NR 10.67 Multi Purpose 4 & 5 186 NR 10.75 Multi Purpose 6 - 9 305 NR 13.00 PICT-Containter Terminal 10 - 14 250 NR 13.00 Multi Purpose 15 - 16 250 NR 10.05 Multi Purpose 18 140 NR 9.50 Multi Purpose 19- 21 160 NR 9.50 Multi Purpose 22 - 23 150 NR 7.50 Multipurpose 24 - 25 NR NR 10.00 Multi Purpose 26 - 30 340 NR 13.00 KICT-Containter Terminal Port Working Hours for Dry Cargoes Day Shift: 0730 - 1630 hrs Break: 1130 - 1230 hrs Night Shift: 1900 - 0330 hrs Break: 2300 - 2330 hrs Over Time Day: 1130 - 1230 hrs & 1630 - 1830 hrs Night: 2300 - 2330 hrs & 0330 - 0630 hrs Oil Piers Berth No. LOA (Mtrs) Beam (Mtrs) Draft (Mtrs) Max Displ / DWT (Tons) OP-1 259 44 13.00-Import 13.00-Export 95,000 / 75,000 OP-2 259 44 13.00-Import 12.50-Export 95,000 / 75,000 OP-3 259 44 12.50-Import 12.25-Export 95,000 / 75,000 DB-1 N/A N/A 10.67 N/A Products handled at OP-1 : Handling of Crude Oil, HSDO, MOGAS, Aviation Gas, Lube Oil and chemicals (AA, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, Methyl Acetate, Ethyl Acetate, White Sprit - except MEG and Styrene Monomer and Chloroform, Caustic Soda. Products handled at OP-2 : Handling of Chemical (AA, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, MA, EA, MEK, CHLOROFORM, MEG, SM, Methanol, Caustic Soda, White sprit), Ethanol, Molasses, Crude Oil, Palm Oil, HSD & AV Gas. Products handled at OP-3 : Handling of Chemical (AA, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, MA, EA, MEK, CHLOROFORM, MEG, SM, Methanol, Caustic Soda, white sprit) Ethanol, Molasses, Crude Oil, Vegetable Oil, Naphtha, Base LSFO, HSFO, AV GAS, MO GAS, LUBE BASE OIL, Products handled at DB-1 : Handling of Loading Ethanol and Molasses, Caustic soda and discharging Chemicals, MX, VAM, IPA, 2EH, DEG, MA, white sprit, except MEG, Styrene Monomer and Acetic Acid, Methanol, Chloroform. Berthing policy: OP-1: is dedicated berth for POL vessels, however, chemical tankers can berth when no POL tanker vessel is around. OP-2: is allocated to tankers on first come first serve basis. OP-3: is allocated to tankers in such a way that after two POL tankers one NON POL tanker ship is accommodated. DB-1: is allocated to tankers on first come first serve basis, if they are able to work at this berth. General Pilotage is compulsory, Pilot station is known as Karachi Pilot Station, position is Lat 24 Deg 44.7 Min North, Long 066 Deg 57.3 Min East. VHF channel used by port control and pilots is channel 16 and 12 respectively. Karachi Port Authority Contacts Karachi Port Trust, Eduljee Dinshaw Road, Karachi-74000, Pakistan Tel (PABX): +92 21 99214530 Email : dmaster@kpt.gov.pk Website : www.kpt.gov.pk PIC : Captain Wasi - Dock Master --> Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== privacy (11250 chars) =====
Privacy - ews.com.pk Skip to main content Back to start Privacy Policy An overview of data protection General The following gives a simple overview of what kind of personal information we collect, why we collect them and how we handle your data when you are visiting or using our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below. Data collection on our website Who is responsible for the data collection on this website? The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice. How do we collect your data? Some data are collected when you provide them to us. This could, for example, be data you enter in a contact form. Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit and use our website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the website. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website. What do we use your data for? Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site. What rights do you have regarding your data? You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that your data be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. Analytics and third-party tools When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, encrypted, and pseudonimized, meaning that we will not be able to identify you through this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy. General information and mandatory information Data protection The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. If you use this website, various kinds of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens. Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible. Notice concerning the party responsible for this website The party responsible for processing data on this website is: The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.). Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. Please note that data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed. Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the affected person may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. Right to data portability You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible. Encrypted payments on this website If you enter into a contract which requires you to send us your payment information (e.g. account number for direct debits), we will require this data to process your payment. Payment transactions using common means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, direct debit) are only made via encrypted SSL or TLS connections. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon in your browser line is visible. In the case of encrypted communication, any payment details you submit to us cannot be read by third parties. Information, blocking, deletion As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have your data be corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data. Opposition to promotional emails We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received. Data collection on our website Cookies Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site. You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website. Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of the EU DSGVO/GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy. Server log files The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Hostname of the accessing computer Time of server request IP address These data will not be combined with data from other sources. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the EU DSGVOGDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. Processing of data (customer and contract data) We collect, process, and use personal data only insofar as it is necessary to establish, or modify legal relationships with us (master data). This is done based on Art. 6 (1) (b) of the EU DSGVOGDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. We collect, process and use your personal data when accessing our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same. Collected customer data shall be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected. Data transmitted when entering into a contract with online shops, retailers, and mail order - We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract, for example, to companies entrusted to deliver goods to your location or banks entrusted to process your payments. Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) of the EU DSGVOGDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. Data transferred when signing up for services and digital content We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract with us, for example, to banks entrusted to process your payments. Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) of the EU DSGVOGDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. 6. Analytics and advertising Matomo (formerly Piwik) This website uses the open source web analytics service Matomo. Matomo uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. For this purpose, the information generated by the cookie about the use of this website is stored on our server. The IP address is anonymized before it is stored. Matomo cookies remain on your device until you delete them. The storage of Matomo cookies is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the EU DSGVOGDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website will not be disclosed to third parties. You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. If you do not agree with the storage and use of your data, you can disable this feature here. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser to prevent Matomo from storing your usage data. If you delete your cookies, this will mean that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted. You will then need to reactivate it when you return to our site if you wish your activity not to be tracked.


===== profile-dir (2380 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Profile Team --> Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy --> Profile EastWind is a well known name in the Shipping Industry of Pakistan and within the circles abroad where Pakistan trade takes place. Since its inception, EastWind Shipping has gained the confidence of its Principals and Customers for the Skill level, Professionalism and Experience of its Crew. EastWind delivers through the vast experience of its key personnel and this is the reason that today EastWind is handling the following wide range of commodities and ships. Tankers carrying liquid cargoes including Chemicals, Molasses, Ethanol and Petroleum products Break Bulk vessels carrying commodities consisting of Steel products, General and Project cargo Dry Bulk Ships with cargoes such as Grains / Seeds, Fertilizers, Shredded Scrap and Coal Container Feeder vessels, represent Container Feeder Market Leader – Global Feeder Shipping LLC www.globalfeeders.com Demo ships' handling at Gadani. EastWind also provide Empty Container Storage, receiving and delivery and Container repair services to Container Main Lines Operators and NVOCCs. We operate from TPX – MT Khan Road only 2 Km away from Port with an area of about 16000 Square Meters and from East Wharf – Keamari – Karachi Port where the facility is spread on an area of about 8000 Square Meters. EastWind Shipping is part of a Shipping Enterprise having an established Liner Agency - Greenpak Shipping representing Evergreen Container Line in Pakistan. Our partners own and manage Global Feeder Shipping LLC - a market leader in Container Feeder industry serving United Arab Emirates, Middle East, Arabian & Upper Arabian Gulf, Indian Subcontinent, South East Asia, and the Far East. CSL – Cordelia Container Shipping Line www.cordelialine.com will operate as a container Line offering services to customers across Asia / Gulf and African region & progressively develop to serve all global market. Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== profile (2380 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Profile Team --> Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy --> Profile EastWind is a well known name in the Shipping Industry of Pakistan and within the circles abroad where Pakistan trade takes place. Since its inception, EastWind Shipping has gained the confidence of its Principals and Customers for the Skill level, Professionalism and Experience of its Crew. EastWind delivers through the vast experience of its key personnel and this is the reason that today EastWind is handling the following wide range of commodities and ships. Tankers carrying liquid cargoes including Chemicals, Molasses, Ethanol and Petroleum products Break Bulk vessels carrying commodities consisting of Steel products, General and Project cargo Dry Bulk Ships with cargoes such as Grains / Seeds, Fertilizers, Shredded Scrap and Coal Container Feeder vessels, represent Container Feeder Market Leader – Global Feeder Shipping LLC www.globalfeeders.com Demo ships' handling at Gadani. EastWind also provide Empty Container Storage, receiving and delivery and Container repair services to Container Main Lines Operators and NVOCCs. We operate from TPX – MT Khan Road only 2 Km away from Port with an area of about 16000 Square Meters and from East Wharf – Keamari – Karachi Port where the facility is spread on an area of about 8000 Square Meters. EastWind Shipping is part of a Shipping Enterprise having an established Liner Agency - Greenpak Shipping representing Evergreen Container Line in Pakistan. Our partners own and manage Global Feeder Shipping LLC - a market leader in Container Feeder industry serving United Arab Emirates, Middle East, Arabian & Upper Arabian Gulf, Indian Subcontinent, South East Asia, and the Far East. CSL – Cordelia Container Shipping Line www.cordelialine.com will operate as a container Line offering services to customers across Asia / Gulf and African region & progressively develop to serve all global market. Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== quality (747 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy --> Quality Policy EastWind Shipping is committed to enhance customer satisfaction by exceeding customer requirements and expectations in providing quality services while complying with all applicable codes, standards and regulatory requirements. Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== tankertramper (1023 chars) =====
Tanker Tramper Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division --> Tanker Tramper Division Capt Anwar Ali Chief Operating Officer Tel Dir: +92-21-3567 0257 Mobile: +92-332-3784727 ops@ews.com.pk Capt Zulfiqar ul Islam Head Tamper Division Tel Dir: +92-21-3567 0258 Mobile: +92-332-3784726 ops@ews.com.pk Asad Abbas Assistant Manager Ops Tel Dir: +92-21-3567 0261 Mobile: +92 333-1208566 ops@ews.com.pk Sohail Qadir / Salim Moin Sr. Boarding Officer / Boarding Officer Mobile: +92 332-3784730 / +92-332-3784734 boarding@ews.com.pk Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


===== values (2099 chars) =====
EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy --> Our Values Safety, Health & Environment We manage our operations in such a way that the safety and health of our people, our neighbors, our customers and our visitors is ensured. We believe our safety, health and environmental responsibilities extend beyond our own facilities. We promote Pollution Control and are concerned about reducing and disposal of Waste. Ethics and Integrity We do care how results are achieved. Choosing the course of highest integrity is our resolve and we will establish and maintain the highest professional and personal standards. Quality & Continuous Improvement We believe that quality and an unyielding commitment to continuous improvement are essential to our ongoing success. To this end, we classify quality as understanding the customer's expectations, agreeing on performance, value, and providing services that meet expectations 100 percent of the time. Enthusiastic Pursuit of Profit Effectively discharging our responsibilities to enhance the long-term profitability and growth of our company for our shareholders provides the foundation for our career and meaningful personal growth. Candid & Open Communications We value courteous, candid and open communications that enable each of us to do our jobs more effectively and contributes to the quality of our judgment and decision making. Innovation We continually strive to produce break through ideas that result in improved solutions and services to customers. We encourage teams to challenges the status quo and pursue organizational environments in which ideas are generated, nurtured and developed. Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use


