EastWind Shipping Home Contact Mail --> --> Company Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy Pakistan Country Profile Pakistan Business Links Pakistan Map Karachi Port Information Port Mohammad Bin Qasim Information Gwadar Port Information Gadani Port Information Company Tanker Tramper Division Container Feeder Division Cordelia Container Division Container Depot Division Profile Mission Statement Our Values Quality Policy --> Our Values Safety, Health & Environment We manage our operations in such a way that the safety and health of our people, our neighbors, our customers and our visitors is ensured. We believe our safety, health and environmental responsibilities extend beyond our own facilities. We promote Pollution Control and are concerned about reducing and disposal of Waste. Ethics and Integrity We do care how results are achieved. Choosing the course of highest integrity is our resolve and we will establish and maintain the highest professional and personal standards. Quality & Continuous Improvement We believe that quality and an unyielding commitment to continuous improvement are essential to our ongoing success. To this end, we classify quality as understanding the customer's expectations, agreeing on performance, value, and providing services that meet expectations 100 percent of the time. Enthusiastic Pursuit of Profit Effectively discharging our responsibilities to enhance the long-term profitability and growth of our company for our shareholders provides the foundation for our career and meaningful personal growth. Candid & Open Communications We value courteous, candid and open communications that enable each of us to do our jobs more effectively and contributes to the quality of our judgment and decision making. Innovation We continually strive to produce break through ideas that result in improved solutions and services to customers. We encourage teams to challenges the status quo and pursue organizational environments in which ideas are generated, nurtured and developed. Copyright East Wind Shipping © Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use
